CQA Installing Server Connected guide fixing abstracts (#4935)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-project-server-to-use-an-http-proxy.adoc

= Configuring {ProjectServer} to use an HTTP proxy

[role="_abstract"]

> Configure {ProjectServer} to use an HTTP proxy if your environment uses a proxy server to connects to the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure {ProjectServer} to use an HTTP proxy if your environment uses an HTTP proxy to connect to the internet.
```

suggestion: grammar and be explicit about the "HTTP proxy" compared to "proxy server" which users might confuse with Smart Proxy Servers.

> Configure {ProjectServer} to use an HTTP proxy if your environment uses an HTTP proxy server to connect to the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure {ProjectServer} to use an HTTP proxy if your environment uses an HTTP proxy to connect to the internet.
```
